Update radio-failsafe.rst (#3936)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: copter/source/docs/radio-failsafe.rst

trigger if the receiver loses power or if the wires between the receiver
and autopilot are broken.

> This will Cause rapid flight mode changes and a crash if you attempt to land beyond radio range. as the receiver looses signal it will change to RTL mode but as soon as it climbs and regains connection it will change back to your landing mode, it will rapidly cycle between the mode your attempting to land in and RTL until it runs out of battery or crashes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note :: This can cause rapid flight mode changes if you attempt to land beyond radio range. As the receiver looses signal it will change to RTL mode but as soon as it climbs and regains connection it will change back to your landing mode and re-attempt the land. To avoid this simply change the mode on the TX to RTL so that it will continue to return back into reliable radio range when RC link is re-established.
```
